local/blog-post1.md, before:


<!-- @credence-[/blog.html]-[blog]-[./local/blog.html] -->

# Getting Started with Credence: A Developer's Best Friend

As developers, we often find ourselves juggling between writing code and documenting it. What if there was a tool that could make this process seamless? That's where **Credence** comes in as a modern markdown compiler that turns code comments and MD files into documentations or blog posts.

![Credence Banner](https://i0.wp.com/miniextensions.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2020/04/icons.001-2.png?resize=700%2C350&ssl=1)

## The Problem with Documentation

We've all been there - you're in the flow of coding, and then comes the dreaded task of documentation. Traditional documentation tools are either:
- Too complex to set up
- Require learning new syntax
- Need separate deployment pipelines
- Don't integrate well with existing projects

## Documentation Made Simple

Credence takes a different approach. It's designed with developers in mind, focusing on simplicity and integration. Here's how you can get started in literally 30 seconds:

```bash
# Install Credence globally
npm install -g credence

# Run it in your project
credence
```

That's it! No complex configuration, no new syntax to learn, and no separate deployment pipeline needed.

## Features That Make Sense

### 1. Zero Configuration
Drop it into any existing project and it just works. Credence automatically detects your markdown files and turns them into beautiful HTML pages.

### 2. Live Preview
See your changes in real-time as you write:
```bash
$ credence # that's all
```

### 3. Write Docs Next to Your Code
```javascript
/*
  @credence-[auth.html]-[authentication documentation]
  # User Authentication
  This module handles user authentication using JWT
 */
function authenticate(user) {
    // Your code here
}
```

### 4. Support for Any Text File
Credence isn't just for `.md` files. It works with:
- Comments in your code in any programming language
- Text files
- README files
- And more!

## Real-World Usage

Let's look at a real example. Say you have a React component:

```jsx
// UserProfile.jsx

/**
 * @credence
 * # User Profile Component
 * Displays user information and handles profile updates
 * 
 * ## Props
 * - `user`: User object containing profile data
 * - `onUpdate`: Callback function for profile updates
 */
function UserProfile({ user, onUpdate }) {
    // Component code
}
```

Credence automatically extracts this documentation and creates a beautiful HTML page, all while keeping your docs close to your code.

## Looking Ahead

We're working on some exciting features:
- Plugin system for extended functionality
- Custom themes
- Integration with popular documentation platforms

## Get Started Today

Ready to make documentation enjoyable? Install Credence now:

```bash
npm install -g credence
```

Visit our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/CodeDynasty-dev/Credence) to learn more or contribute to the project.

---
*Published on March 1, 2025 by The Credence Team*

Commit message:

feat: rename project from Credence to Docmach and update related configurations

local/blog-post1.md, after:


<!-- @docmach-[/blog.html]-[blog]-[./local/blog.html] -->

# Getting Started with Docmach: A Developer's Best Friend

As developers, we often find ourselves juggling between writing code and documenting it. What if there was a tool that could make this process seamless? That's where **Docmach** comes in as a modern markdown compiler that turns code comments and MD files into documentations or blog posts.

![Docmach Banner](https://i0.wp.com/miniextensions.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2020/04/icons.001-2.png?resize=700%2C350&ssl=1)

## The Problem with Documentation

We've all been there - you're in the flow of coding, and then comes the dreaded task of documentation. Traditional documentation tools are either:
- Too complex to set up
- Require learning new syntax
- Need separate deployment pipelines
- Don't integrate well with existing projects

## Documentation Made Simple

Docmach takes a different approach. It's designed with developers in mind, focusing on simplicity and integration. Here's how you can get started in literally 30 seconds:

```bash
# Install Docmach globally
npm install -g docmach

# Run it in your project
docmach
```

That's it! No complex configuration, no new syntax to learn, and no separate deployment pipeline needed.

## Features That Make Sense

### 1. Zero Configuration
Drop it into any existing project and it just works. Docmach automatically detects your markdown files and turns them into beautiful HTML pages.

### 2. Live Preview
See your changes in real-time as you write:
```bash
$ docmach # that's all
```

### 3. Write Docs Next to Your Code
```javascript
/*
  @docmach-[auth.html]-[authentication documentation]
  # User Authentication
  This module handles user authentication using JWT
 */
function authenticate(user) {
    // Your code here
}
```

### 4. Support for Any Text File
Docmach isn't just for `.md` files. It works with:
- Comments in your code in any programming language
- Text files
- README files
- And more!

## Real-World Usage

Let's look at a real example. Say you have a React component:

```jsx
// UserProfile.jsx

/**
 * @docmach
 * # User Profile Component
 * Displays user information and handles profile updates
 * 
 * ## Props
 * - `user`: User object containing profile data
 * - `onUpdate`: Callback function for profile updates
 */
function UserProfile({ user, onUpdate }) {
    // Component code
}
```

Docmach automatically extracts this documentation and creates a beautiful HTML page, all while keeping your docs close to your code.

## Looking Ahead

We're working on some exciting features:
- Plugin system for extended functionality
- Custom themes
- Integration with popular documentation platforms

## Get Started Today

Ready to make documentation enjoyable? Install Docmach now:

```bash
npm install -g docmach
```

Visit our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/CodeDynasty-dev/Docmach) to learn more or contribute to the project.

---
*Published on March 1, 2025 by The Docmach Team*
